I am sorry to disappoint without a warning.
The time given to the appointment of the Japan leader of the National System,
byll
Gas
Please accept my warm greetings.
As you know, the world has been in a state of shock and shock recently, and we have seen a surprising change.
The world's current situation has been deteriorating from Europe, and now it is not reaching other parts of the world.
Before, the Coordination Council was removed, but we have to develop a state of 3 liquidator soon, which proves the
necessary significance and power to internal heavens.
However, both sides are alwaysboketif작
because the rule class is against each other
but do not force with force
Let us serve November
issue which promotes global unity
they will try to help the country
My suggestion is that the